Hello folks! I'm back with a long over-due, long-winded blog post! I wasn't sure if I was planning to  keep this blog active, but for the sake of our friends on the other side of the ocean, you may see occasional updates:)
  It's hard to believe it's going on 5 months already that we set foot on American soil. The past few months haven't all been easy but I must say the adjustment was not as terrible as I had pre-planned  for. (Isn't that a clever disguise for worry??:)) There were some struggles as the children adjusted to a new school and a new curriculum, however that has greatly improved which I am so thankful for!
 Kaylah, for the most part, has jumped into high-school life with both feet first, never looking back. I find that kinda humorous, because of all our children, she fretted the most about being afraid she wouldn't be able to find her place in life again around here. (Does she take after her mother??) Anyway, she is just loving school, especially the social aspect of it, and comes home almost every day with stories of all the fun and exciting things she did that day. I think her running commentary of the greatness of high-school life is especially beneficial to her younger brother who is NOT going to high-school. Maybe little by little he will change his mind:)
 Chris is back in the truck again (owner-operator) and if he could even out his weeks he'd have almost the perfect amount of work. Unfortunately it seems he either could haul 3 loads a day or he has none. The days he doesn't have a load he fixes up farm machinery to resell.
As for me, well, I basically do what moms do after all their children are in school. Sit around and twiddle my thumbs and drink tea. Or not. Well, I do drink tea...that I do!!! Didn't find a whole lot of time to twiddle my thumbs yet...but that's ok, that would drive me alittle crazy. No week is the same but it seems there is always something to do!

This is a little glimpse into what we've been up to....
So precious to be able to spend a few final moments with my grandmother! She passed away a week after we got home, leaving behind an amazing legacy as a strong woman of faith, strength and courage. Widowed at the age of 40 years old with 9 children at home to support, in addition to various health issues, she had her share of hard times.
 One of my favorite stories of her is how, even though times were lean, she scraped enough money together to contribute to the offering. She attached a note to the money with the instructions to "use where most needed." A few days later the deacon showed up at her house with the exact same amount of money in his hand. "This money came in the offering with a note attached to use where most needed," he explained. "I couldn't think of anyone who needed it more than a widowed mother with a family to provide for...."
